docs/update.md, before:

### v1.06 11/24/2021

- Account Creation and Management
	- account.html/js
		- [ ] A user should be able to update any of their account information, except email
			- [ ] register at least one device with their account
		- [ ] Device registration interface
			- [ ] A user should be able to add and remove devices (e.g., device ID and API key) in his/her account
			- [ ] A user should be able to have more than one device
	- [ ] Server site: Implement routers to communicate 
		- [ ] device/add
		- [ ] device/delete

### v1.05 11/23/2021

- Account Creation and Management
	- account.html/js
		- A user should be able to update any of their account information, except email
			- [x] update information
			- [x] delete account
			- [x] User are able to change Preference panel after Login
			- [x] clear Localstorage after register account
	- Server site: Implement routers to communicate 
		- [x] user/update
		- [x] user/delete

### v1.04 11/22/2021

- Account Creation and Management
	- [x] Access to the web application should be controlled using token based authentication
	- [x] User create an account by using an email as the username and a strong password
	- Client site
		- [x] Sign-up interface 
			- signup.js
		- [x] Sign-in interface
			- login.js
		- account.html/js
			- [x] review information
			- A user should be able to update any of their account information, except email
				- [x] A user should be able to add their location using a zip code
	- Between AWS and clients 
		- [x] use MongoDB for sign-up/sign-in/device registration 
	- Server site: Implement routers to communicate 
		- [x] user/signup
		- [x] user/login
		- user/update
			- [x] updatezip
- Removed unnecessary files

### v1.03 11/21/2021

- Signup
	- sign.css
	- signup.html
	- signup.js
- Login.html
	- init login.js

### v1.02 11/20/2021

- GitHub Pages
	- removed unnecessary files
- Static index.html
	- responsive design
		- carousel image width
	- separate navigation
	- separate carousel
- Dynamic website
	- changed engine of template from `pug` to `swig` 
	- converted `index.html` to different parts
	- extracted website frame to templates for all pages
- Implementation of Https
	- certificated 90-day SSL, expires on Feb 19,2022
- Initial Signup page 

### v1.01 11/11/2021

- GitHub Pages with template
	- Changed `default.html`
	- index.md
	- updates.md
	- Check point 2
- Re-structure the project directories
	- AWS (Home page)
	- Localhost (Node.js + Serialport + Web-based GUI)
	- Particle (Particle firmware)
- README.md
- README.txt for submission

Commit message:

v1.06
- Account Creation and Management
	- account.html/js
		- [x] A user should be able to update any of their account information, except email
			- [x] register at least one device with their account
			- [x] list registered devices
		- [x] Device registration interface
			- [x] A user should be able to add and
			- [x] remove devices (e.g., device ID and API key) in his/her account
			- [x] remove device from the list
			- [x] A user should be able to have more than one device
	- [x] Server site: Implement routers to communicate
		- [x] device/add
		- [x] device/delete

docs/update.md, after:

### v1.06 11/24/2021

- Account Creation and Management
	- account.html/js
		- [x] A user should be able to update any of their account information, except email
			- [x] register at least one device with their account
			- [x] list registered devices
		- [x] Device registration interface
			- [x] A user should be able to add and 
			- [x] remove devices (e.g., device ID and API key) in his/her account
			- [x] remove device from the list
			- [x] A user should be able to have more than one device
	- [x] Server site: Implement routers to communicate 
		- [x] device/add
		- [x] device/delete

### v1.05 11/23/2021

- Account Creation and Management
	- account.html/js
		- A user should be able to update any of their account information, except email
			- [x] update information
			- [x] delete account
			- [x] User are able to change Preference panel after Login
			- [x] clear Localstorage after register account
	- Server site: Implement routers to communicate 
		- [x] user/update
		- [x] user/delete

### v1.04 11/22/2021

- Account Creation and Management
	- [x] Access to the web application should be controlled using token based authentication
	- [x] User create an account by using an email as the username and a strong password
	- Client site
		- [x] Sign-up interface 
			- signup.js
		- [x] Sign-in interface
			- login.js
		- account.html/js
			- [x] review information
			- A user should be able to update any of their account information, except email
				- [x] A user should be able to add their location using a zip code
	- Between AWS and clients 
		- [x] use MongoDB for sign-up/sign-in/device registration 
	- Server site: Implement routers to communicate 
		- [x] user/signup
		- [x] user/login
		- user/update
			- [x] updatezip
- Removed unnecessary files

### v1.03 11/21/2021

- Signup
	- sign.css
	- signup.html
	- signup.js
- Login.html
	- init login.js

### v1.02 11/20/2021

- GitHub Pages
	- removed unnecessary files
- Static index.html
	- responsive design
		- carousel image width
	- separate navigation
	- separate carousel
- Dynamic website
	- changed engine of template from `pug` to `swig` 
	- converted `index.html` to different parts
	- extracted website frame to templates for all pages
- Implementation of Https
	- certificated 90-day SSL, expires on Feb 19,2022
- Initial Signup page 

### v1.01 11/11/2021

- GitHub Pages with template
	- Changed `default.html`
	- index.md
	- updates.md
	- Check point 2
- Re-structure the project directories
	- AWS (Home page)
	- Localhost (Node.js + Serialport + Web-based GUI)
	- Particle (Particle firmware)
- README.md
- README.txt for submission
